README.md, before:

![alt XOOPS CMS](https://xoops.org/images/logoXoops4GithubRepository.png)

## Countdown module for [XOOPS CMS 2.5.10+](https://xoops.org)
[![XOOPS CMS Module](https://img.shields.io/badge/XOOPS%20CMS-Module-blue.svg)](https://xoops.org)
[![Software License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html)

[![Latest Pre-Release](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/XoopsModules25x/countdown.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/XoopsModules25x/countdown/tags/)
[![Latest Version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/XoopsModules25x/countdown.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/XoopsModules25x/countdown/releases/)

![alt Countdown for XOOPS](./assets/images/logoModule.png)
### Description
**Countdown**
Counts down time for user created events.
* User must be a registered XOOPS user on your site.
* Each user can create multiple events.
* User events are only visible to the creator.
* The module has a Statistics block available to be able to view usage.

#### Notes
1. There is no administration section and there are no configurations (Preferences) for this module.
2. Bootstrap templates are available in the ``./extras`` folder. See usage instructions in the [README](./extras/README.md)

### How You Can Help
Create a [GitBook](https://xoops.gitbook.io/) tutorial 

Help with translations on Transifex [https://xoops.org/images/translations-transifex-blue.svg](https://www.transifex.com/xoops)

Visit us on the [XOOPS website](https://xoops.org)

Current and upcoming "next generation" versions of XOOPS CMS are being crafted on [GitHub](https://github.com/XOOPS)

Commit message:

Purge events for XOOPS users that have been deleted
- performs check & delete once per session

README.md, after:

![alt XOOPS CMS](https://xoops.org/images/logoXoops4GithubRepository.png)

## Countdown module for [XOOPS CMS 2.5.10+](https://xoops.org)
[![XOOPS CMS Module](https://img.shields.io/badge/XOOPS%20CMS-Module-blue.svg)](https://xoops.org)
[![Software License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html)

[![Latest Pre-Release](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/XoopsModules25x/countdown.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/XoopsModules25x/countdown/tags/)
[![Latest Version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/XoopsModules25x/countdown.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/XoopsModules25x/countdown/releases/)

![alt Countdown for XOOPS](./assets/images/logoModule.png)
### Description
**Countdown**
Counts down time for user created events.
* User must be a registered XOOPS user on your site.
* Each user can create multiple events.
* User events are only visible to the creator.
* The module has a Statistics block available to be able to view usage.

#### Notes
1. There is no administration section and there are no configurations (Preferences) for this module.
2. If a XOOPS user is deleted the Countdown Events for that user are automatically removed. This occurs any time a new session is started. For example - when any user logs in. 
3. Bootstrap templates are available in the ``./extras`` folder. See usage instructions in the [README](./extras/README.md)

### How You Can Help
Create a [GitBook](https://xoops.gitbook.io/) tutorial 

Help with translations on Transifex [https://xoops.org/images/translations-transifex-blue.svg](https://www.transifex.com/xoops)

Visit us on the [XOOPS website](https://xoops.org)

Current and upcoming "next generation" versions of XOOPS CMS are being crafted on [GitHub](https://github.com/XOOPS)
